---
layout: post
title:  "#100DaysOfCode"
date:   2018-07-25
description: "I take up the classic challenge"
tag:
- code 
- technology
- python
- udemy
- jekyll
thumbnail: https://howicodestuff.github.io/assets/images/post-images/100daysofcode/100daysofcode.jpg
giscus_comments: true
---


Alright, so after reading TONS and TONS of **#100DaysOfCode** tweets and Alvaro Trigo liking a major chunk of them, I decided it was finally time I took up this challenge. But it's not like this would be the first time I would be coding for 100 days consecutively. It would rather be my first time logging in the days' work.

Now I know why this challenge is going to be fruitful for me. On a lot of days, it feels like I've coded enough for the day (and by code I mean sometimes even just solving GFG), but when I start analysing I woudn't have done much.  Logging in the details gives you a fair idea of how much *substantial* coding you did. Not saying that:

> **Length of your log âˆ how much you have learnt**

but if you end up writing something like:

>>  **#Day X** :  Learnt javascript.

and if you REALLY did, then you've absolutely nailed it.

Conclusion: Analysing your productivity at the end of the day should come naturally to us, and it doesn't to me :P , so all in all its a great challenge for me to take up.

But knowing the kind of distracted person I am, I needed a well-formed path that would keep me on track and ensure I was learning what's relevant.

Solution: A course!

Hence I selected this Udemy course : [**Python for Data Science and Machine Learning**](https://www.udemy.com/python-for-data-science-and-machine-learning-bootcamp/learn/v4/overview). Its got 143 modules in total and I'm hoping to finish this within the 100 days. I might also do some additional this-and-that coding. Let's beginnnnn! (Italicized numbers == module numbers)

**#Day 1**

1.  *1-4* were introductory. Watched them at 3x speed.
2.  *5-6* were about Jupyter notebooks and virtual environment. Installed Jupyter and I absolutely love it.
3.  *7-14* was a 4-part Python crash course. I knew python beforehand so I watched them at 4x speed xD. Completed the corresponding exercise.
4.  *15-16* were introductory to NumPy.

**#Day 2**

1.  *17-22* were about NumPy arrays, indexing, and their operations.
2.  Completed the NumPy exercise.
3.  Coded questions off the Amazon section of GFG.

**#Day 3**

1.  *23-26* were about Pandas introduction, series, and dataframes.
2.  Gave a contest on GFG.

**#Day 4**

1.  *27-28* completed dataframes basics.
2.  *29* talked about filling missing values in dataframes.
3.  Coded medium level GFG questions.

**#Day 5**

1.  *30-36* had merging, joining, concatenating, groupby, reading csv/html/excel/SQL.
2.  Completed Pandas Excercise 1.
3. 	I've been learning Prolog for AI. 

**#Day 6**

1. *37-38* Completed Pandas exercise 2.
2. *39-41* Introduction to matplotlib.
3. Parsing C file using regex in Java.

**#Day 7**

1. *42-45* Completed matplotlib with exercises.
2. *46-47* Started Seaborn which is built on top of matplotlib.

**#Day 8**
1. *48-52* Finished all types of plots(Distribution, regression, etc).

**#Day 9**

**#Day 10**